# Video Watched: https://youtu.be/MoCsE8H_dD4?si=h3bVkrDabp4G8Iad

- 51->  CloudWatch key performance metrics? -> Namespace, dimension, event & alarm in cloudwatch? -> Unique metric name? 

- 52-> S3 & CloudFront combo? -> ECS & Redis combo? -> EC2 & ElastiCache combo?
 
- 53-> ElastiCache & redis to store & serve session data? -> EBS & Root file system for storage?
 
- 54-> DynamoDB table partition? -> dynamoDB throttle? -> read and write capacity units of dynamoDB table? -> partition key & global secondary index? -> a lecture on dynamoDB? -> Partition key space? -> Sharding using random suffixes?
 
- 55-> automated serverless means event bridge. -> What is event bridge? ->  /etc/crontab in ec2? -> period environment in lambda? -> simple notification service subscription? -> topic in Amazon SNS?
 
- 56-> Custom root certificate authority certificate chain? Root CA Cert? ->  developer updated the trust store of lambda execution environment?  -> lambda development bundle?  -> AWS secret manger vs system manager’s parameter store use case? -> resource based policy? -> lambda function handler? Runtime trust store Inside & outside?
 
- 57-> VPC endpoints? -> aws:sourceVpce? -> S3 bucket policy scope? 
 
- 58-> git pre commit hook? -> If the question mentions least operational efforts with a micro service involved then use case should be ideally resolved using the micro service. -> 
 
- 59-> symmetric vs asymmetric encryption? -> symmetric vs asymmetric customer managed keys? -> imported key material vs material generated by AWS?
 
- 60-> KMS only encrypts data at rest, it is never used to encrypt data at transit. ->  Common ports like http, https, dns, ssh, ftp, etc? -> cloudfront working together with web application? -> different ways to make traffic https in AWS? -> Origin Protocol Policy? -> Viewer protocol policy & where it is defined? -> Restrict viewer access in cloudfront? 
 
- 63-> If the question asks for storing credentials, always use secrets manager not parameter stored. -> AWS SDK ssm:PutParameter is synonymous to secrets manager.? -> SecureStrings and NoEcho parameter attributes? 
 
- 64-> AWS  serverless application model? -> commonly used Sam commands in AWS? -> like: Sam deploy —no-execute-changeset, Sam sync —watch ?-> Sam accelerate? 
 
- 65-Q-> A developer is creating an AWS Lambda function that searches for items from an Amazon DynamoDB table that contains customer contact information. The DynamoDB table items have the customer's email address as the partition key and additional properties such as customer_type, name and job_title.The Lambda function runs whenever a user types a new character into the customer_type text input. The developer wants the search to return partial matches of all the email_address property of a particular customer_type. The developer does not want to recreate the DynamoDB table. What should the developer do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Add a global secondary index (GSI) to the DynamoDB table with customer_type as the partition key and email_address as the sort key. Perform a query operation on the GSI by using the begins_with key condition expression with the email_address property. 
B. Add a global secondary index (GSI) to the DynamoDB table with email_address as the partition key and customer_type as the sort key. Perform a query operation on the GSI by using the begins with key condition expression with the email_address property.
C. Add a local secondary index (LSI) to the DynamoDB table with customer_type as the partition key and email_address as the sort key. Perform a query operation on the LSI by using the begins with key condition expression with the email_address property. 
D. Add a local secondary index (LSI) to the DynamoDB table with job_title as the partition key and email_address as the sort key. Perform a query operation on the LSI by using the begins with key condition expression with the email_address property. 
 
- 65-> partition key, sort key, global secondary index, local secondary index in dynamoDB? -> partial matches? -> Local Secondary indexes will use the  same indexes as your base table.? -> the data that is going to be queried should be made the partition key?
 
- 67-> Static content means S3. 
 
- 68-> Amazon Kinesis Data stream and a new data stream? -> DynamoDB  Streams? -> Topic in Amazon Simple Notification Service? -> Table’s stream?
 
- 69-> API gateway stage? -> OpenAPI file use case? 
 
- 70-> A company has an application that uses AWS CodePipeline to automate its continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) workflow. The application uses AWS CodeCommit for version control. A developer who was working on one of the tasks did not pull the most recent changes from the main branch. A week later, the developer noticed merge conflicts.How can the developer resolve the merge conflicts in the developer's branch with the LEAST development effort? 
 
A. Clone the repository. Create a new branch. Update the branch with the changes. 
B. Create a new branch. Apply the changes from the previous branch. 
C. Use the Commit Visualizer view to compare the commits when a feature was added. Fix the merge conflicts. 
D. Stop the pull from the main branch to the feature branch. Rebase the feature branch from the main branch.

- 70-> Rebasing branches in git? -> Merge Conflict Conditions? -> Git terminologies similar to rebasing and merge conflict? -> Staging area? -> How github controls CI/CD workflow?

- 72-> Several microservices that are deployed on Amazon Elastic Container Service with AWS Fargate Architecture? -> AWS Fargate vs other option developer access/control comparison? -> AWS X-Ray as a sidecar container? -> Task Role Policy? -> AWS X-Ray as a Daemonset? -> Service Role Policy? -> AWS X-Ray SDK? -> Instrument the application? -> Instrument the ECS task? -> AWS X-Ray SDK? -> Telemetry data?

- 73-> Integration test and positive & negative scenarios in it? -> Mock Integration in API Gateway? -> Read article set up mock integration test in api gateway?

- 74-> AWS CodeBuild build stage? -> AWS Secrets Manager use case vs Lambda Environment variable use case vs Systems Manager Parameter Store use case? -> This question had credentials mentioned but I still chose Parameter Store, the answer was Secrets Manager. Credentials means secret manager.

